Replace `Accept-Language` with `Accept` in `Accept-Post` documenation (#20007)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/accept-post/index.md

Accept-Post: */*
```

> > **Note:** The `Accept-Post` header specifies a media range in the same way as {{HTTPHeader("Accept")}}, except that it has no notion of preference (i.e. "accept-params" or "q" arguments are not significant).

Reviewer: @Asif7777

> > **Note:** The `Accept-Post` header specifies a media range in the same way as {{HTTPHeader("Accept")}}, except that it has no notion of preference (i.e. "accept-params" or "q" arguments are not significant).

Reviewer 2: In fact both work. But there is an underlying reason for not accepting `q` arguments: `Accept-Post` is a response header, while the two others are request headers. Let's be even more precise:

```suggestion
> **Note:** The `Accept-Post` header specifies a media range in the same way as {{HTTPHeader("Accept")}} or {{HTTPHeader("Accept-Language")}}, except that it has no notion of preference (i.e., no `q` arguments). This is because `Accept-Post` is a response header while the others are request headers.
```

What do you think?

Author: The English is not my primary language, and it's hard to say. however, I feel like `Accept-Language` does not make sense because earlier in the text is used "specifies a **media** range`"

Reviewer 2: You are right. I missed this!

```suggestion
> **Note:** The `Accept-Post` header specifies a media range in the same way as {{HTTPHeader("Accept")}}, except that it has no notion of preference (i.e., no `q` arguments). This is because `Accept-Post` is a response header while `Accept` is a request header.
```
